People throughout the world pour out into the
streets to celebrate a very special occasion-
the night of the comet's passage. No one would
miss the chance to see the stunning event.
The following morning, the sky is
strangely covered with a dark reddish mist,
and there is no sign of life except piles
of red dust and clothes all over the place.
Where were the crowds last night? This is Movie
Shortens. Follow us to the movie titled: Night
of the Comet. Be aware: there are spoilers.
There are high chances the planet Earth will
face a Comet, which has not occured in
65 million years. A few scientists see
this as more than just a coincidence. They
believe it would cause mass extinctions,
so they lock themselves in a bunker outside Los
Angeles. However, most people choose to party
all night for this one in a lifetime event.
During the night, Regina, an usher at a movie
theater, ignores her boss and focuses
on playing arcade games. She then makes
a phone call home lying that she’ll be with her
science class for the comet observation. Instead,
she sneaks into a steel-lined projection room and
has a fun night with her boyfriend Larry, who also
works at the theater as a projectionist.
At home, Regina’s sister named Samantha has a
fight with Doris, their stepmother. The girl
accuses Doris for cheating on her father,
who is away for work at the military base. Doris
hurts Samantha and sends her out of the house.
The following morning, Larry wakes Regina up,
telling her that he’ll go home and shower.
As Larry opens the door, a zombie
attacks and drags him outside.
Regina stays back to continue her gam. Later, she
decides to leave the theater, only to find the sky
is in a strange shade of red and lots of clothes
are left on the street. On the way home, she finds
Larry’s motorbike abandoned nearby. Suddenly,
there is a zombie approaching her. As trained
self-defense by her dad, Regina fights back the
zombie, managing to drive off on Larry’s bike.
On the streets, there is no vehicle and traffic,
only red dust and abandoned clothes on the
sidewalks. Regina soon realizes there is something
very unusual today. Regina rushs to go home to
check on her sister, only to find the house is
empty. Getting upstairs, she runs into Samantha,
who doesn’t realize what is happening yet.
Samamthan tells Regina that she spent a night
out in the family storage shed after fighting with
Doris. She then takes some breakfast as usual and
complains Regina about her terrible look today.
Regina explains to her sister the fact that there
is nobody left in the city, but Samantha doesn’t
trust it. Regina has to drag Samantha out and
show her the reality. She picks up Doris’s outfits
on the ground and proves Samantha what she said.
Samantha steps back into the house, having
a hard time accepting the truth.
As the two hear the radio is operating, they
decide to drive to the radio station to see if
there is anyone. The sisters learn that the radio
programs are actually set up in advance and run
automatically. All of a sudden, a man named Gomez
holding a gun pointed at the two, thinking they
are zombidized humans. He forces the girls to show
up their faces with their eyes open in the light
to make sure they are real humans. Convinced
by the girls, Gomez reveals about the current
situation they are in. He is a truck driver. As
being exhausted, he spent a night in the back
of the truck until he woke up and found the city
was completely deserted. He saw people being torn
apart for flesh by zombies. They attack all the
living things around them, including pets.
At this point, Regina becomes shocked, knowing
Larry was eaten. Gomez stands in front of the
ladies room to make sure Regina is alright. She
tells him that they’ll be killed soon by those
monsters. Gomez; however, believes there
are probably more survivors like the trio.
He gives Regina a gun and decides to make
their way to the military base in Honduras,
hoping to meet Regina’s father there. Gomez
also wants to check on his parents on the way
if they are alive in San Diego.
Meanwhile, Samantha decides to get
on the air and asks anyone who is
still alive to phone the station.
She then runs to the ladies room to inform
Regina and Gomez that she’s got a phone call.
It turns out to be the phone call from the group
of scientists at the bunker outside Los Angeles.
Samantha tells the two, as told by the scientists,
that the comet has caused most of the population
to turn to red dust. Those who only got
partial exposure will turn to zombies,
eventually they will become dust. The trio is
advised to stay where they are and a rescue
team would be sent tomorrow at the earliest.
Meanwhile at the bunker, the scientists still
hear the conversation from Gomez and
the sisters. One of the scientists,
Dr Audrey argues with Dr Carter that it is too
dangerous to take the survivors in the bunker
because they might be infected and soon will
transform. Carter insists that they do not have
a choice now. The survivors need somewhere safe
to hide and maybe their blood may be a cure.
Back to the radio station, Samantha has
nightmares about the zombies attacking her.
Regina and Gomez both comfort her to stay calm and
wait for the rescue team. Later, Regina and Gomez
sit together and talk about their lives before the
disaster. Knowing Gomez will not follow the rescue
team but to go to San Diego for his parents,
Regina advises him to be with her and Samantha.
However, Gomez is very firm about his decision
and promises Regina that he’ll be back.
The two share a lot of fun together while Samantha
is alone and notices some rash on her body.
The following morning, to make Samantha feel
better, Regina suggests they practice shooting,
as their father used to teach them. Just then,
Samantha reveals to be jealous about Regina
and Gomez. She thinks Regina always tries
to steal good things from her, even now as
Gomez is probably the last human man on Earth.
However, the two sisters become friends again,
realizing they are fighting over a strange man
who is now gone with his truck to San Diego.
Arriving at the family house, Gomez enters
and learns that his parents didn’t make it,
just like most people in the country. While
collecting some items in the house for mementoes,
Gomez is chased by a kid zombie.
Can’t shoot at the little boy,
Gomez finds the way to escape. He runs
as fast as he can out of the house.
Back in the city, Regina and Samantha are
enjoying their fancy outfits in the shopping mall,
which they could never afford in the past. They
don’t realize their fun time is monitored over
a camera by a group of former stock
boys, who claim they own the stores.
The leader of the boys mocks the sisters on the
phone, alarming the girls. Regina immediately
holds the guns and watches for the men while
Samantha distracts them to buy her sister time.
Regina appears to be a very pro shooter. However,
on the way down the stairs, Samantha is captured
by the boys. Surprisingly, Regina also holds
one boy as a hostage, and requires them to let
go of Samantha in return. The leader cruelly
opens fire at his hostage man instead.
Outside the street, the rescue team has arrived
on their helicopter, but they don’t see the
sisters as planned. Audrey is pissed and asks
to leave when seeing nobody alive in the area.
Carter again tells the team to spread
out and look for the survivors around.
Coming back to the store, Regina
and Samantha are tied up. The head
stock boy removes his sunglasses, showing
that the boys have been partially exposed
and are turning to zombies. As they are about to
torture the two girls, the scientists make it on
time and pull the triggers at the zombie
boys. The sisters are finally rescued.
The scientists, seeing Samantha itching,
assume she has been partly exposed.
They do not tell her that, but tell her
to wait with Audrey and another scientist,
Oscar, for Gomez to come back. Regina gets on
the helicopter to head to the bunker first.
After that, Samantha sits with Audrey and explains
that she’ll get rash if she becomes nervous.
However, Audrey still sedates her. When Oscar
tries to understand why Audrey always makes
it tough on the survivors, he gets shot in
the head immediately. Audrey now has enough
with saving those turning survivors.
Just a moment later, Gomez enters the
radio station where he promised Regina to come
back. There, Audrey is already waiting for him.
She tells Gomez that all the remaining humans are
exposed and soon will become zombies in 36 hours.
There is no serum invented
from the survivors anymore.
She then injects a toxin into her body,
attempting to die as a real human.
Meanwhile at the bunker, Regina
is informed that Samantha is dead.
She doesn’t believe it and manages to knock a
staff out, trying to escape from the bunker.
The scientists are now rushing to take blood from
the survivors to create the cure for them.
At the fence outside the bunker, Samantha
is actually alright as Audrey only gave her
a sedative. Gomez drives her to the
bunker. They trick and knock out the
guard to get inside the bunker for Regina.
At the shelter, Regina finds that the scientists
are about to sedate two kids, apparently using
them as blood donors for the vaccin. Samantha
also reunites with Regina soon after that.
When the scientists arrive at the operating room,
they only find the nurses are being chained
up on the tables. The sisters and kids have
made it out of the bunker. They jump on
Gomez’s car, who has waited outside.
As the group of zombidized scientists get on a
truck to chase the survivors, the truck explodes
because Gomez has already set up a bomb there.
Back to downtown L.A, Gomez, the sisters
and the kids decide to live as a family. The
sky is no longer deep in red clouds and the
rain washes all the dust away. Samantha runs
into a handsome boy, who is also a survivor.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel. Thanks for
watching!